feat(faq): add question ddx vps (#3228)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/dedibox.mdx

|   VPS-PRO-XL            |   800               |   15 TB          |   10              |
|   VPS-PRO-XXL           |   1000              |   20 TB          |   10              |

> ### What happens when I exceed my fair use traffic?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What happens when I exceed my fair-use traffic?
```

Your monthly fair-use traffic allowance includes all incoming and outgoing data. Each plan comes with a specified monthly data allocation.
If you exceed this limit, your connection speed will be reduced for the remainder of the billing cycle, in accordance with your plan's terms.

> Your speeds will return to normal at the start of the next billing cycle when your data allocation resets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The speed of your traffic will return to normal at the start of the next billing cycle when your data allocation resets.
```
